No way.
Mom and Dad have no idea about your current medical condition
You let them come here
It might not be nice to see you like this
If you want an eye, I'll give you one.
You're right too.
Thank you for your hard work.
Sister Xiao Nian, you came just in time
Cotton is taking care of me these days
I didn't go to the company
Good thing you're back.
Take a call
Take care of the wife
Sister Xiao Nian, help me pour a glass of water
KK who is this KK
Wife
I'm still in a hurry. There was a patient
I'll go there first
Go, go and get busy, where is my little sister Nian?
Okay, just rest well, don't worry.
Hmm, be nice.
I'm going to contact Enron and the others.